---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_coupon Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A webhook endpoint resource
---

# stripe_coupon (Resource)

A webhook endpoint resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stripe_coupon" "example" {
  name = "Example coupon"
  applies_to = [
    "price_...",
  ]
  metadata = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `applies_to` (List of String) An array of Product IDs that this Coupon will apply to.
- `currency_options` (Attributes Map) Coupons defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter ISO currency code and a supported currency. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_options))
- `duration` (String) One of `forever`, `once`, and `repeating`. Describes how long a customer who applies this coupon will get the discount.
- `duration_in_months` (Number) If duration is `repeating`, the number of months the coupon applies. Null if coupon duration is forever or once.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `max_redemptions` (Number) Maximum number of times this coupon can be redeemed, in total, across all customers, before it is no longer valid.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object.
- `name` (String) Name of the coupon displayed to customers on for instance invoices or receipts.
- `percent_off` (Number) Percent that will be taken off the subtotal of any invoices for this customer for the duration of the coupon.
- `redeem_by` (Number) Date after which the coupon can no longer be redeemed.

<a id="nestedatt--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options`

Required:

- `amount_off` (Number) Amount (in the `currency` specified) that will be taken off the subtotal of any invoices for this customer.

Optional:

- `top_level` (Boolean) Whether the currency option is the top-level currency.
