---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_price Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A webhook endpoint resource
---

# stripe_price (Resource)

A webhook endpoint resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

resource "stripe_product" "example" {
  name = "Example product"
  metadata = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase. Must be a supported currency.
- `product` (String) The ID of the product that this price will belong to.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the price can be used for new purchases.
- `billing_scheme` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit` or `tiered`.
- `currency_options` (Attributes Map) Prices defined in each available currency option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_options))
- `lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve prices dynamically from a static string.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object.
- `nickname` (String) A brief description of the price, hidden from customers.
- `recurring` (Attributes) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `usage_type`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurring))
- `tiers_mode` (String) Defines if the tiering price should be `graduated` or `volume` based. In `volume`-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per unit price. In `graduated` tiering, pricing can change as the quantity grows.
- `transform_quantity` (Attributes) Apply a transformation to the reported usage or set quantity before computing the amount billed. Cannot be combined with `tiers`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transform_quantity))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object

<a id="nestedatt--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options`

Optional:

- `custom_unit_amount` (Attributes) When set, provides configuration for the amount to be adjusted by the customer during Checkout Sessions and Payment Links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_options--custom_unit_amount))
- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes.
- `tiers` (Attributes List) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_options--tiers))
- `top_level` (Boolean) Whether the currency option is the top-level currency.
- `unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in cents to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (Number) The unit amount in cents to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.

<a id="nestedatt--currency_options--custom_unit_amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options.custom_unit_amount`

Required:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.


<a id="nestedatt--currency_options--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options.tiers`

Required:

- `up_to` (Number) Up to and including to this quantity will be contained in the tier.

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (Number) Price for the entire tier.
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `flat_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (Number) Per unit price for units relevant to the tier.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.



<a id="nestedatt--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurring`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.

Optional:

- `aggregate_usage` (String) Specifies a usage aggregation strategy for prices of `usage_type=metered`. Defaults to `sum`.
- `interval_count` (String) The number of intervals (specified in the `interval` attribute) between subscription billings.
- `meter` (String) The meter tracking the usage of a metered price.
- `usage_type` (String) Configures how the quantity per period should be determined.


<a id="nestedatt--transform_quantity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transform_quantity`

Required:

- `divide_by` (Number) Divide usage by this number.
- `round` (String) After division, either round the result `up` or `down`.
