---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_product Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Products describe the specific goods or services you offer to your customers.
---

# stripe_product (Resource)

Products describe the specific goods or services you offer to your customers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

resource "stripe_product" "example" {
  name = "Example product"
  metadata = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The product’s name, meant to be displayable to the customer.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the product is currently available for purchase.
- `default_price` (String) The ID of the Price object that is the default price for this product.
- `description` (String) The product’s description, meant to be displayable to the customer.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object
- `images` (List of String) A list of up to 8 URLs of images for this product, meant to be displayable to the customer.
- `marketing_features` (List of String) A list of up to 15 marketing features for this product. These are displayed in pricing tables.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object.
- `package_dimensions` (Attributes) The dimensions of this product for shipping purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--package_dimensions))
- `shippable` (Boolean) Whether this product is shipped (i.e., physical goods).
- `statement_descriptor` (String) Extra information about a product which will appear on your customer’s credit card statement.
- `tax_code` (String) A tax code ID.
- `unit_label` (String) A label that represents units of this product. When set, this will be included in customers’ receipts, invoices, Checkout, and the customer portal.
- `url` (String) A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage for this product.

<a id="nestedatt--package_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package_dimensions`

Required:

- `height` (Number) Height, in inches.
- `length` (Number) Length, in inches.
- `weight` (Number) Weight, in ounces.
- `width` (Number) Width, in inches.
